readme.md, before:

#EvilBot - Just Another SlackBot
----------

An easy way to launch extendable slackbots written in Go.

This is in early development. 
Please feel free to open Issues and make Pull Requests.

v 0.1.5

Standard Feature List:
- [x] Command Handlers
- [x] General Handlers
- [x] Persistant Storage
- [x] HTTP Server with Chat & Http response to Endpoints
- [ ] HTTPS support and tokenized authentication 
- [x] Add RTM Response Helper Functions to Bot Response 
    - [x] ChannelInfo Helper (using channel name not ID)
    - [x] ReplyToUser Helper (responds to user/channel tagging the user)
- [ ] **Add Admin Users With priveleged commands**
- [x] Built in user activity logger, catalogued by channel
    - [x] Clean up logging code
- [ ] Top 5 Active/Inactive in channel/overall for activity logger 

Wynwood Tech E-Bot Sepcific:
- [ ] Modify our ranking algorithm to have some smarts. 
    - [ ] Posting Links Will give you higher rankings 
    - [ ] Users Can GiveRank, but only once a day so use wisely. 
    - [ ] Any given user can only recieve 5 GiveRanks a day. 
    - [ ] Users who welcome new users get additional rank.
- [ ] Interact with the starndard slackbot in some way. 
    - [ ] Epic bot rap battles

Getting Started:

1. go get github.com/wynwoodtech/evilbot
2. cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/wynwoodtech/evilbot
3. export SLACKBOT=your_slack_api_key
4. go run cmd/main.go


License: [GPLv3](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0-standalone.html)

Using Libraries:

[nlopes/slack](http://github.com/nlopes/slack) - [boltdb/bolt](http://github.com/boltdb/bolt) - [gorilla/mux](http://github.com/gorilla/mux)




Created By [Liran Cohen](http://www.github.com/lirancohen) (c)2016 For [#WynwoodTech](http://www.wyn.tech)

Commit message:

must invite bot to channel for proper logging

readme.md, after:

#EvilBot - Just Another SlackBot
----------

An easy way to launch extendable slackbots written in Go.

This is in early development. 
Please feel free to open Issues and make Pull Requests.

v 0.1.5

Standard Feature List:
- [x] Command Handlers
- [x] General Handlers
- [x] Persistant Storage
- [x] HTTP Server with Chat & Http response to Endpoints
- [ ] HTTPS support and tokenized authentication 
- [x] Add RTM Response Helper Functions to Bot Response 
    - [x] ChannelInfo Helper (using channel name not ID)
    - [x] ReplyToUser Helper (responds to user/channel tagging the user)
- [ ] **Add Admin Users With priveleged commands**
- [x] Built in user activity logger, catalogued by channel
    - [x] Clean up logging code
- [ ] Top 5 Active/Inactive in channel/overall for activity logger 

**You must invite the bot into a channel for logging to take effect**

Wynwood Tech E-Bot Sepcific:
- [ ] Modify our ranking algorithm to have some smarts. 
    - [ ] Posting Links Will give you higher rankings 
    - [ ] Users Can GiveRank, but only once a day so use wisely. 
    - [ ] Any given user can only recieve 5 GiveRanks a day. 
    - [ ] Users who welcome new users get additional rank.
- [ ] Interact with the starndard slackbot in some way. 
    - [ ] Epic bot rap battles

Getting Started:

1. go get github.com/wynwoodtech/evilbot
2. cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/wynwoodtech/evilbot
3. export SLACKBOT=your_slack_api_key
4. go run cmd/main.go


License: [GPLv3](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0-standalone.html)

Using Libraries:

[nlopes/slack](http://github.com/nlopes/slack) - [boltdb/bolt](http://github.com/boltdb/bolt) - [gorilla/mux](http://github.com/gorilla/mux)




Created By [Liran Cohen](http://www.github.com/lirancohen) (c)2016 For [#WynwoodTech](http://www.wyn.tech)
